Remove labels list adjustment in object detection models (SSD and Yolo). (#1941)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/object_detection_demo/README.md

> **NOTE**: Before running the demo with a trained model, make sure the model is converted to the Inference Engine format (\*.xml + \*.bin) using the [Model Optimizer tool](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_MO_DG_Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.html).

> If labels file is used, it should correspond to model output. Demo suggests labels listed in the file to be indexed from 0, one line - one label (i.e. very first line contains label for ID 0). Note that s	ome models may return labels IDs in range 1..N, in this case label file should contain "background" label at the very first line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If labels file is used, it should correspond to model output. Demo suggests labels listed in the file to be indexed from 0, one line - one label (i.e. very first line contains label for ID 0). Note that some models may return labels IDs in range 1..N, in this case label file should contain "background" label at the very first line.
```
